README.md, before:

# XML Tree Viewer 🌳

## Overview
XML Tree Viewer is a web application that allows users to upload an XML file, parse it, and visualize its structure as an interactive tree diagram. The application is built with modern web development technologies to ensure a smooth and responsive user experience.

## Features ✨
- 📂 Upload an XML file.
- 🔍 Parse the XML file to a JavaScript object.
- 🌲 Display the parsed XML data as a tree diagram.
- 🖱️ Interactive tree visualization for easy exploration of XML structure.

## Technologies Used 🛠️
- **Vite:** A fast and modern build tool that significantly improves the development experience.
- **React JS:** A popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **react-json-view:** A library for rendering JSON data in a tree view, used here for the XML data representation.
- **xml-js:** A library to convert XML data to JavaScript objects and vice versa.

## Installation 📥

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (v14 or above)
- npm (v6 or above)

### Steps
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd xml-tree-viewer

2. **Install dependencies:**
     ```sh
   npm install

3. **Start development server:**
    ```sh
   npm run dev
   
## Running Tests 🧪

1. **Ensure dependencies are installed**
2. **Run tests using:**
    ```sh
   npm run test

Commit message:

docs(xml-tree-viewer): update readme file

README.md, after:

# XML Tree Viewer 🌳

## Overview
XML Tree Viewer is a web application that allows users to upload an XML file, parse it, and visualize its structure as an interactive tree diagram. The application is built with modern web development technologies to ensure a smooth and responsive user experience.

## Features ✨
- 📂 Upload an XML file.
- 🔍 Parse the XML file to a JavaScript object.
- 🌲 Display the parsed XML data as a tree diagram.
- 🖱️ Interactive tree visualization for easy exploration of XML structure.

## Technologies Used 🛠️
- **Vite:** A fast and modern build tool that significantly improves the development experience.
- **React JS:** A popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **react-json-view:** A library for rendering JSON data in a tree view, used here for the XML data representation.
- **xml-js:** A library to convert XML data to JavaScript objects and vice versa.

## Installation 📥

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (v14 or above)
- npm (v6 or above)

### Steps
1. **Clone the repository or unzip the folder:**
   ```sh
   git clone <repository_url>
   cd xml-tree-viewer

   *if  you have the zip folder unzip it into a prefered location and redirect 
   cd xml-tree-viewer

2. **Install dependencies:**
     ```sh
   npm install

3. **Start development server:**
    ```sh
   npm run dev
   
## Running Tests 🧪

1. **Ensure dependencies are installed**
2. **Run tests using:**
    ```sh
   npm run test
